alright hey everyone
I've been here yesterday talking about
anemic data and capabilities and for the
for you guys they don't know about P R
star P R star is like our playground in
terms of implementing stuff that we've
been researching on the named later
and we implements and test stuff in P R
star and our goal our mission is to have
a quick and easy way for app developers
to start using ipfs for dynamic data
this is our main goal and to do that we
need to offer some common parameters to
build those apps I have here four of
them but in the future we plan to add
more the first one is the oddities of
course as well we need a somewhat a form
of identity and authentication we also
need a permission layer to validate like
write access and with access and and so
on and also somewhat related to our BTB
we need some way to associate personal
and up wide storage layer so another
another important goal for for PA star
is to provide up wide and Calabro
collaboration wide gossip that it is
efficient and it's performance and is
scalable and it is very difficult to
accomplish but we have been working on
this and we have just released a library
called pure star up which is on this
wrapper you can check it out right now
the current state of this library is
that of course it provides collaboration
using Delta TR it is that I've spoken
yesterday it uses a custom topology
which is coined by the name of the VDS
which is the LEAs peer set because the
idea was mainly right by him
[Laughter]
I think it's a great name actually so
instead of like using the direct layer
of discoverability of a profess we hook
in into the ipfs and builds some mods
what we call a shrink which wishes and
we only connect to a subset of peers
that are interested in a wipe in-app
collaboration and specific
collaborations within the app itself
additionally the replication protocol
has two modes of operation which is the
eager mode and the lazy mode which
accomplishes a better efficiency in
terms of publication all of this is
explained it in detail in this link
below in the background you can check it
out there's all the details there and
let's praise to the demo to see if if
all goes ok so pyramids built a shader
made this example app which I like have
an application and any of these things
are collaborations for instance there
are specific collaboration for a counter
specific collaboration for an array a
text like simple text input and the
discussion 3 I will explain that
afterwards let's see if it works so I
will spawn here and incognito tab found
on the right so this is our these are
two different peers where I already have
here the number of up wife P accounts on
the left and on the right they are all
they are both connected so if I
increment the counter here it's shown
increment on the right it works the same
thing for rice thank you
don't be too enthusiastic because it
might fail but so array I really like
CRD tease it works as well I can add
some values here and she'll prefer it on
the left as well as a text input but the
most important one is a discussion three
so I'm building distance wise
application which is essentially a
discussion
it's called this classifier it's it's an
application where you're able to discuss
links discuss links basically you go
there and you can create a comments and
people can reply people can delete
comments edit comments and so on and
this would be being using a CR DT for
this and this is a custom C oddity for
that purpose I will try to emulate this
and see if it works so let's say that
each comment has its own CID for
instance CID a it's a routes comment
doesn't have a parent CID and I will
just put something here it says for the
sake of the demo so we have one comments
I can add another one
oops sorry I can add another one B
doesn't matter
okay and now on the rights I will have
once the first comments saying that the
child the parent comment is that the
first one I will have three here the
bah-bah-bah-bah-bah and if okay it
didn't work out for some reason
oh it's a it's a sorry yeah parrot idea
apparently right no it involved it was
supposed to be like in this entry a
children object of the child communists
like the replies of that comments okay
back to the slides quickly the next
steps for this for this library is to
have identity built in which is somewhat
related to the to talk I gave yesterday
we also need to have authentication and
honor
about the operations on realities we
also need to have to integrate
authorization and permissions because
that's a very requested feature of
course also we need to provide
encryption in storage
basically encrypt everything and also it
is we need to do some load testing to
ensure that this new topology is
efficient and this new way of doing
things is efficient especially the
doubter C oddities and this new topology
and that's all you might look into my
slides over here No thank you I've
messed out with with the shield and
probably so are you communicating WebRTC
so how are the tube here is connected
how the peers are connected so as I try
to explain that we are wrapping the the
ffs discoverability layer so instead of
considering all the peers being
discovered discovered through the layer
we question the peers that are
interested in the what up observe and
actually also for each collaboration
within and up because you might have
like a chat room or different chat rooms
that's different collaborations between
the hub and then we built an a shrink
for the peers interested in these
specific collaborations and then we
connect to the sixaxis successor at the
next peer and then like one fifth of the
of the a shrink also connect to it and
so on and we bring we build a consistent
a shrink of a subset of peers we're not
connecting to any to all the beers this
is subset so you're doing how you do
discovery using a start signaling server
or are you sorry are you doing a star
signaling server for discovery of those
peers in order to court men actually go
over pub/sub or during the window
protocol to actually appears to be able
to meet what is rendezvous is that yeah
yeah you describe what that is I don't
know
yeah okay so in its dynamic peer-to-peer
discovery or is it you still need a
centralized star signaling
you have to bootstrap it